# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.txt -o requirements-uv.txt
-e .
    # via -r requirements.txt
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
accelerate==0.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   diffusers
adam-mini==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==4.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via starlette
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
bitsandbytes==0.43.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime-gpu
dadaptation==3.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
diffusers==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
easygui==0.98.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
einops==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
entrypoints==0.4
    # via altair
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.114.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via
    #   onnxruntime-gpu
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
ftfy==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via wandb
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
h5py==3.11.0
    # via
    #   keras
huggingface-hub==0.24.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
importlib-metadata==8.4.0
    # via diffusers
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   torch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
lightning-utilities==0.11.7
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
lion-pytorch==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.4.0
    # via
    #   keras
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   altair
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   diffusers
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime-gpu
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-optimizer
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
onnx==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
onnxruntime-gpu==1.19.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
opencv-python==4.8.1.78
    # via -r requirements.txt
optree==0.12.1
    # via keras
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   keras
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   onnxruntime-gpu
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch-optimi
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via altair
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.2
    # via wandb
prodigyopt==1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime-gpu
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   wandb
pydantic==2.9.1
    # via fastapi
pydantic-core==2.23.3
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyreadline3==3.4.1
    # via humanfriendly
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pytorch-lightning==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytorch-optimizer==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.7.24
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
rich==13.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keras
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   timm
    #   transformers
schedulefree==1.2.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
scipy==1.14.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
sentry-sdk==2.14.0
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.3
    # via wandb
setuptools==70.0.0
    # via
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
starlette==0.38.5
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   onnxruntime-gpu
    #   torch
tensorboard==2.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
timm==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
torch==2.4.1+cu124
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   diffusers
    #   lion-pytorch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-optimizer
    #   timm
    #   torch-optimi
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torch-optimi==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
torchmetrics==1.0.3
    # via pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.19.1+cu124
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   timm
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
transformers==4.44.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   multidict
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.30.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
voluptuous==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
wandb==0.17.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via ftfy
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.44.0
    # via astunparse
yarl==1.11.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.20.1
    # via importlib-metadata
